Website_Text

Services

I provide technology solutions for small businesses and individuals in the Portland area tailored around Apple products.

I help my clients use their iPhones, iPads, and Macs in ways that minimize time spent looking at a screen to accomplish their goals. Many of my clients do not know their specific needs in advance. I  help them to discover the right devices and adapt them to their workstyle and lifestyle.

------
Quote (not idxed)

Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.
Christian Lous Lange
------

Philosophy

Being informed and communicating are only two facets of our lives, yet many technologists believe that we should maximize both of these for any reason whatsoever. I take a different approach: technology should minimize distraction.

Our phones ought not ring when we want to be left alone. Our inbox should only notify us of a message that we are actually waiting for.
Most of my clients are drowning in too much information, not starving from too little. My job is often to remove every part that does not serve a purpose. The tools that are left will lead to newfound clarity, productity, and ease.

Rates

All of my work is done in-person at your home or business and I charge $80 per hour. I require a minimum of one hour for an appointment but I bill in 15-minute increments so there is no worry of paying for time unreceived.

Most on-site technical support ranges from 100 to 150 per hour. Why do I charge so little? On-site support involves a specific technical problem and a one-time fix. Most of my clients are not having technical problems as much as they are experiencing constant minor frustrations, slowed workflow and overwhelm. My clients prefer I take the time to understand how they engage with the work on their desks and in their pockets. Over several sessions we are able to try a solution and adapt it until it fits.

Gennaker Systems makes it easier to focus on the strengths of your business without the headache of technology getting in the way.

About

I'm Brad Pizzimenti and I run Gennaker Systems. I spent two years in the Peace Corps building computer labs and teaching hundreds of students how to use them. Following that, graduate school in Paris left me yearning to come home to Portland and return to teaching and working in tech. My Portland community of friends consists of yoga instructors, massage therapists, writers, DJs, and artists. Gennaker Systems was created to fill a gap between corporate IT support and calling family and friends for help.

Contact
